Updated wording in json import (#48)
wso2/docs-ballerina-vscode-extension: en/docs/references/how-to-paste-json-as-records.md

# Convert JSON to records

The Ballerina language provides several options to convert JSON files into record definitions. 
## Option One: From Record editor

> Follow the steps below to convert a JSON to record from record editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below to convert a JSON to record from the record editor.
```

Reviewer: Is `record editor` a UI element?
If so can we say **Record** editor?

3. Provide a name for the record.

> 4. Provide the sample JSON by either typing/pasting on the textarea or by choosing the JSON file from the file selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Provide the sample JSON by either typing/pasting on the text area or by choosing the JSON file from the file selector.
```

Reviewer: Was there a reason to do this change?

6. Use the preview of the created record to edit the created records further, and click **Finish** once editing is complete.

    ![Preview created records](../img/record-editor/preview.png "Preview the created records")

## Option Two: From Command palette

> 1.  Copy the JSON code block into the Clipboard. (Ctrl + C)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Copy the JSON code block to the Clipboard (Ctrl + C).
```

    >**Info:** The example below converts a `person` and a list of `courses` to a `Student` record. 
    >
    ```
    {
        "person": {
            "id": 1001,
            "firstName": "Vinnie",
            "lastName": "Hickman",
            "age": 15
        },
        "course": [
            {
                "id": "CS6002",
                "name": "Computation Structures",
                "credits": 4
            },
            {
                "id": "CS6003",
                "name": "Circuits and Electronics",
                "credits": 3
            },
            {
                "id": "CS6004",
                "name": "Signals and Systems",
                "credits": 3
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

> 2. Open the Command palette in the vscode. (Default: Ctrl + Shift + P)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the Command palette in the VS Code editor (Default: Ctrl + Shift + P).
```
